Fix 1944 align (#1946)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0044-LIME-lp_mechanics.md

- `market.liquidity.earlyExitPenalty` (decimal ≥0), sets how much LP forfeits of their bond in case the market is below target stake and they wish to reduce their commitment. If set to `0` there is no penalty for early exit, if set to `1` their entire bond is forfeited if they exit their entire commitment, if set >1, their entire bond will be forfeited for exiting `1/earlyExitPenalty` of their commitment amount.
- `market.liquidity.probabilityOfTrading.tau.scaling` sets how the probability of trading is calculated from the risk model; this is used to [measure the relative competitiveness of LPs supplied volume](0042-LIQF-setting_fees_and_rewarding_lps.md).
- `market.liquidity.minimum.probabilityOfTrading.lpOrders` sets a lower bound on the result of the probability of trading calculation.

> - `market.liquidity.feeCalculationTimeStep` (time period e.g. `1m`) controls how often the quality of liquidity supplied by the LPs is evaluated and fees arising from that period are earmarked for specific parties. Minimum valid value is anything strictly more than `1s`. Maximum valid value `validators.epoch.length`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `market.liquidity.feeCalculationTimeStep` (time period e.g. `1m`) controls how often the quality of liquidity supplied by the LPs is evaluated and fees arising from that period are earmarked for specific parties. Minimum valid value is anything more than or equal `1s`. Maximum valid value `validators.epoch.length`.
```
